Back in the 80s, when I was first learning to program on my dad's ZX Spectrum, there was a really good collection of books on computing published by Usborne. Two of these, Mystery of Silver Mountain and Island of Secrets, were full text adventure games that you could type in yourself, and use the descriptions and pictures in the book to help you without requiring any graphics. The program code was messy by today's standards (as it was all in BASIC), there was no code documentation and parts of them were intentionally obfuscated in order to make sure typing the program in didn't spoil the game. You can download PDF versions of both of these books for free from https://usborne.com/gb/books/computer-and-coding-books 

These days I mostly use emulators to play Spectrum games, and I have both books' games as TAP files. However, the limitations of the emulation hinder the gameplay, so I always wanted to port them to a modern PC. Indeed, the Usborne website explicitly grants permission to do this. I spent a while digging around to see if anyone has done it already, but due to my impatience and the fact that I think it would be a fun programming challenge, I decided to do it myself. There is already a port of Mystery of Silver Mountain made using [Quest](https://textadventures.co.uk/quest) so I've started with Island of Secrets, and I'm converting it to Python, which I guess is to modern youngsters what BASIC was to me.

Perhaps once I'm done, I might try improving it by adding pictures from the book to the game itself.
